My name is Dmitry Korshunov.
I live in the same city where I was born,
in Kovrov.
It is a rural town in central Russia.
When I met Dima,
I really enjoyed his company,
because he was a kind
and approachable person,
and he was very sincere with me.
We met, dated for two years,
and then were married.
The same year, our daughter was born.
I worked as an electrician.
Since people were poor,
frequently they offered to pay with alcohol.
When you live with an alcoholic
it’s like you live
on an active volcano.
Sober, he was a good,
kind, attentive husband.
But when he was drunk,
he was a completely different person.
He was angry.
He wouldn’t listen to anything.
There was a knock at the door.
They asked me to look at the Bible.
They showed me the reason why
there is so much suffering,
and why people are afraid to live today.
My wife read the whole thing.
I saw that she liked it.
The next time the women came,
I really liked what they told me,
especially about God’s promise
of the paradise on earth,
of people living in happiness on the earth.
So I agreed to a Bible study.
Many times they said,
“Would you like to join us?”
I’d say, “No, I’m not ready for that yet.”
I reached
a real breaking point in my life.
I asked Lubov, “What should I do?”
So then I suggested that he read the Bible.
He asked me, “What should I start with?”
I suggested beginning
with the book of Matthew.
I read all night.
It was like I lived through the events
I was reading about,
and they touched my heart deeply.
It was then that I decided that,
until I’ve read the whole Bible,
I wouldn’t drink another drop.
Apparently, it touched his heart so much
that he wanted to change
—change his way of life,
change his behavior.
And it was a big change,
because meanwhile, it was quiet at home.
I read the whole Bible,
and didn’t drink for seven months.
I got so fed up with my lifestyle.
I could not live like that anymore.
I saw from the Bible that there are
only two paths,
and that I am on the wrong one.
I pleaded with God
and asked him to help me.
He had times when he broke off the study
and would drink again.
So, then, it was difficult to pick up
where he left off,
to recover, and again study the Bible.
I realized that without God’s help
I couldn’t crawl out of this hole
—not on my own.
The Bible affected Dima very deeply.
Before, I felt that he didn’t
think about me at all,
that he only remembered
that I existed when he needed something.
Now, he’s a completely different person.
The atmosphere during
our family worship is warm,
affectionate, and joyful.
We can talk with each other
about spiritual things,
hear each other’s thoughts,
understand what each other has inside,
how each of us loves Jehovah.
The joy that I feel every day
cannot be surpassed
by the temporary enjoyment
that comes from drinking alcohol
or taking drugs.
My life has changed drastically,
and it was Jehovah
who influenced me that way.
His Word made me into who I am now.
That is why I can say
that I am happy.